Update README to include KV config info (#319)
cloudflare/wrangler: README.md

        This key is optional if you are using a workers.dev subdomain and is only required for `publish --release`.
    - `webpack_config`: This is the path to the webpack configuration file for your worker. This is optional and
        defaults to `webpack.config.js`

>     - `[[kv-namespaces]]`: These specify any [Workers KV](TODO) namespaces you want to access from

Author: ```suggestion
    - `[[kv-namespaces]]`: These specify any [Workers KV](https://workers.cloudflare.com/docs/reference/storage/) namespaces you want to access from
```
